---
title: More code 4
layout: post
author: james.meichtry
permalink: /more-code-4/
source-id: 1ZHyQ_GFI_tHu-H4uGK6fypRK43alnba1hp6tB_SGg3k
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>The lesson</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To complete more exercises with fuze </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Complete more exercises</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes I finished some more exercises efficiently with my group </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Me and my group understood how to answer back to questions and add variables into conversations and text. If we we were precise we would be able to not do any mistakes especially if we work together as a team. At the end we talked about are blogs and ways to make them better for example writing things down in the lesson to help us blog or writing a target down at the start.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned that if you do not understand what code you are writing and you are just copying the book, it will not help you to make your own code and if you make a small mistake you will not be able to understand what went wrong because you were just copying and not trying to understand what you were writing.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to understand the code i write and will not just copy it from the booklet, and after that i would try to expand on the subject E.G adding my own code in to make it even better. I will write down things in my planner to help me write a blog E.G targets, what i learned, ways to improve and how i did well to achieve or not achieve my target.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


