---
title: More code 1
layout: post
author: james.meichtry
permalink: /more-code-1/
source-id: 1xmxkk5B1mmZYe-BHobEumvWXpOMud-6zqlyL_KEnexA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <th>more code</th>
    <th>Date</th>
    <th>13/09/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <th>to set up and get on with the coding</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <th>to get onto some even more advanced code</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <th>yes we did lots of code this lesson and got onto some hard code</tdh>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>I learned how to use a variable and how to get the program running a conversation. Today we learned how to create a question that can be typed in a and is used as in the rest of the conversation for example if it asks the question what is your favourite hobby and you say fishing it will say that you like fishing and that it likes fishing.</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>I need to be really accurate with my code because if you do a space we're there is not supposed to be a space then it will not work, or if I put a capital letter in the wrong place or miss one than it will not work.</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>I will make sure I know what is going on so that when I expand on what I am doing that it will not be to hard and if I understand what's at is happening than I can edit it spit is better or cooler than before whereas if I don't really understand than it will be a lot harder to add on and improve.</th>
  </tr>
</table>


