---
title: More code 5
layout: post
author: james.meichtry
permalink: /more-code-5/
source-id: 1fbF392-h5RmXNrmgr70c0KvIExA7FwQhtesYt0r2hfg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>This lesson</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To complete more exercises with fuze </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Complete 2 exercises</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
((add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes i did 3 and understood all of them</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We completed lots of exercises by working fast and by reading the booklet properly. By reading the booklet properly i could understand what was going on and fix a problem and improve are code to suit us. I now feel like i understand what i am writing and will be able to write my own i do not think i would be able to if i just copied. We worked fast by able to read my code and therefore able to correct it faster.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Our simple mistakes like putting things there that should not be there or saying that there is not a space when there is, this mistakes will cost us time. I also need to learn how to do some things like exiting a screen, i did not know how to do this and we ended up with lots of them, but now i know.. We should also improve on our jobs.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will carry on reading the code so i understand it and will be able to fix the problems. I will make sure that we are pedantic and accurate so we do not make any mistakes. Make sure i do not have the black screen on and will be able to fix it just in case it does happen.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


